# Weekly Reports

## Week One

This week was all about introductions into the new academic year. I began with setting up all of my projects and printing all the assignment tasks, this along with a daily planner will help keep my time management in order. I can not afford to fall behind this year as I am working with a BA team as one of two main programmers. This team-up will integrate with as many of my BSc assignments as possible. the only one that has linked up though as far ads I know is the comp230 which I will be doing the mechanics of the game as my component in Unreal. Luckily overt the summer I familiarised myself with unreal and am comfortable to work within the engine. On my first comp220 lecture I became quite worried about the amount of work required for the task at hand and am hoping as time goes on I can manage my time efficiently enough to dedicate enough time to each task. We were also set out with the UI evaluation which is our earliest deadline, so I will begin work on that immediately, along side research for our ethics essay.

##Week Two

I am now in full swing, still getting to grips with the time management, this ill always be an issue. The best way to keep on top of everything is to ensure I understand the work needed and the time available, this is easier said than done. I have created a daily and weekly time schedule, it seem logical with a set amount of hours dedicated to each project. I must not spread myself too thinly across the projects, although having the deadlines at the and of the semester helps. After the second comp220 lecture my nerves are waning as the workload seems large I have been trying to workout a method to minimise the workload while maximising the grade, I can not allow other projects to drastically interfere with my main group project. I will stick to my schedule for now and see how things turn out next week.

##Week Three

I came down with a cold this week, that along with having to travel long distance over last weekend prevented me form attending my comp230 lecture. I was able however to attend the other two lectures, to which I am very thankful for as the comp220 lecture paid off quite a bit, I am now pretty confident in the workload as Ed had helped lay the ground work for the project and it seems we only have to implement our own components instead of creating everything from scratch. The comp210 lecture was great, I had my first encounter with VR which was really fun, it has given me a lot of enthusiasm for the module, something I lacked before as I didn't think much of VR. I suspect many people feel the same if they haven't tried it. I was also informed of the peer review the following week which served as a good reminder to ensure the UI evaluation was done. So far time management ha been mostly successful the only assignment I haven't made progress on is the ethics essay, almost no research has been done on this, I hope to fix this issue within the next couple of weeks.

##Week Four

PERFORCE!!! This is my main blocker at this time, every attempt I have made to understand its working and get it working correctly has resulted in more confusion and frustration. I will be looking into GitHub Large File Storage as an alternative to this, as I am very familiar with how GitHub works. My time schedule is working quite well although my essay needs to catch up alongside my journal. Although I have a plan to get the journals done, I will treat them like and essay and gather resources together in one session and write my notes up on them. This will require a full day for each. The evaluation for the UI peer review did not go as well as expected as I was unprepared for the format that the peer review was done. We had to stand up and present our findings to the class, this would not have been a problem if I had known that this was the method that was going to be used. Next week I will definitely make some leeway on the ethics research.

##Week Five (Current)